add jupyter notebook support (#293)
flexflow/FlexFlow: jupyter_notebook/README.md

> # Jupyter Notebook

Reviewer: It would be nice to have a summary up front explaining what this support allows you to do (e.g., train models through FlexFlow in a Jupyter notebook?) and what the limitations are (e.g., cannot run over multiple machines)

This directory contains the Jupyter notebook support for
the FlexFlow Python binding.

## Quick Start
### Pre-requisite
* Python >= 3.6

> * FlexFlow Python binding needs to be installed, please check the [installtion guide](https://github.com/flexflow/FlexFlow/blob/master/INSTALL.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FlexFlow Python binding needs to be installed, please check the [installation guide](https://github.com/flexflow/FlexFlow/blob/master/INSTALL.md)
```

* Install Jupyter notebook

        pip install notebook

### Install the Legion IPython kernel
```
python ./install.py --(configurations)
```
Please refer to the [Kernel Configurations](#kernel-configurations) section for the configuration details.

> If the installtion is successed, the following log will be printed to the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the installation is successed, the following log will be printed to the terminal.
```

> The `flexflow_kernel_nocr` is the kernel name, and the `FlexFlow_SM_GPU` is the display name

Reviewer: Can you mention what the `nocr` means here (I assume "no control replication")?

of the kernel, which can be modified by the configuration json file. 
`FlexFlow` is the name entry in the json file, `SM` means the kernel

> is only for shared memory machine, and `GPU` meams GPU execution is enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is only for shared memory machine, and `GPU` means GPU execution is enabled. 
```

```
IPython kernel: flexflow_kernel_nocr(FlexFlow_SM_GPU) has been installed
```
The installed kernel can be also seen by using the following command:
```
jupyter kernelspec list
```

> ### Start the Jupyter Notebook server

Reviewer: It would probably be best to do this in two steps: first explain how you'd do everything just on the compute node, and then explain the setting you'd want to use a separate compute node and then detail how to do it

> * Launch jupyter notebook server on the computing node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Launch jupyter notebook server on the compute node
```

        jupyter notebook --port=8888 --no-browser

> * Create a turnel between localhost to the computing node, this step is not needed if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a turnel from localhost to the compute node, this step is not needed if
```

the jupyter server is run on the local machine.

        ssh -4 -t -L 8888:localhost:8002 username@login-node-hostname ssh -t -L 8002:localhost:8888 computing_node

### Use the Jupyter Notebook in the browser
* Open the browser, type the addredd http://localhost:8888/?token=xxx, the token will be
displayed in the terminal once the server is started. 
* Once the webpage is loaded, click "New" on the right top corner, and click the kernel 
just installed. It is shown as the display name of the kernel, e.g. `FlexFlow_SM_GPU`.

> ### Uninstall the kernel

Reviewer: It might be clearer to replace "kernel" everywhere with "jupyter kernel". I was confused for a while thinking "kernel" referred to the operator kernels

```
jupyter kernelspec uninstall legion_kernel_nocr
```
If the kernel is re-installed, the old one will be automatically uninstalled by the install.py

## Kernel Configurations
The kernel can be configured by either passing arguments to `install.py` or using a json file.

> The accepted arguments can be seen by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accepted arguments can be listed with
```

```
python ./install.py --help
```

It is always preferred to use a json file. 

> The `flexflow_python.json` is the template respect to the legate wrapper and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flexflow_python.json` is the template for the legate wrapper and
```
Not sure if this is what you meant, correct me if I'm wrong

legion_python. Most entries are using the following format:
```
"cpus": {
    "cmd": "--cpus",
    "value": 1
}
```

> * The `cpus` is the name of the field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cpus` is the name of the field. 
```

> * The `cmd` is used to tell how to pass the value to the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cmd` is used to tell how to pass the value to the field.
```

> For example, flexflow uses `-ll:cpu` to set the number of CPUs, so the cmd in `flexflow_python.json` is `-ll:cpu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, flexflow uses `-ll:cpu` to set the number of CPUs, so the `cmd` in `flexflow_python.json` is `-ll:cpu`.
```

> * The `value` is the value of the field. It can be set to `null`. In this case, the value is read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `value` is the value of the field. It can be set to `null`. In this case, the value is read
```

# Jupyter Notebook

> This directory contains the Jupyter notebook support for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains Jupyter notebook support for
```

> the FlexFlow Python binding. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FlexFlow. 
```

> It provides the capability of running any FlexFlow Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows user to run any FlexFlow Python
```

> programs (e.g. traning models) on single node using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
program (e.g., training models) on a single node using
```

> the jupyter notebook from any browers. 

Reviewer: the in-browser jupyter notebook UI.

## Quick Start
### Pre-requisite
* Python >= 3.6
* FlexFlow Python binding needs to be installed, please check the [installtion guide](https://github.com/flexflow/FlexFlow/blob/master/INSTALL.md)
* Install Jupyter notebook

        pip install notebook

### Install the FlexFlow IPython kernel
```
python ./install.py --(configurations)
```
Please refer to the [IPython Kernel Configurations](#kernel-configurations) section for the configuration details.

If the installation is successed, the following log will be printed to the terminal.
The `flexflow_kernel_nocr` is the IPython kernel name, where `nocr` means control replication is not enabled. 

> The control replication can be enabled once the multi-node jupyter notebook support is provided in the future. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The control replication can be enabled once multi-node jupyter notebook support is provided in the future. 
```
